Yusei: NOW LET'S
GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH 5D'S"!
Yusei: WHERE?
WHERE AM I?
Mystery Man:
A REASONABLE QUESTION.
YOU'RE AN INCREDIBLE
TURBO DUELIST, YUSEI.
SO I'M SURE YOU'RE ALREADY
AWARE THAT THE WORLD RACING
GRAND PRIX IS
FAST APPROACHING.
I'M PUTTING TOGETHER A TEAM TO
COMPETE AND I WANT YOU ON IT.
WELL, THANKS, BUT
I'M AFRAID I'M NOT
AVAILABLE.
YOU WILL BE JOINING
MY TEAM ONE WAY
OR ANOTHER, KID.
LISTEN, BUDDY--I'M
GETTING A LITTLE
TIRED OF YOUR JOKES.
YOU REALLY DON'T WANNA
MESS WITH ME, MY FRIEND!
I AM NOT EXACTLY WHAT
YOU WOULD CALL
A "WELL-BALANCED PERSON."
HA HA HA!
WHAT'S GOIN' ON?
THERE'S AN
INTERFERENCE SIGNAL.
LIKE SOMEONE'S TRYING TO
HACK INTO THE TRANSMISSION.
Man: THE VEHICLE
CARRYING YUSEI
IS A SODA DELIVERY TRUCK
TRAVELING NORTH ON BLUE
HILL AVE. IN CRESCENT VALLEY.
[GASP]
YOU NEED TO STOP THAT VEHICLE
AND RESCUE HIM BEFORE IT
REACHES ITS DESTINATION.
[TIRES SCREECH]
Akiza: I'M GETTIN'
HIM OUTTA THERE.
TIME TO BREAK YUSEI OUT!
HUH?
YUSEI! AH!
UH!
AAH!
OH, WELL, THERE
GOES OUR RIDE.
HOLD ON AS TIGHT AS YOU CAN.
Yusei: WHAT'S UP WITH THIS?
REINFORCEMENTS?
[DEEP VOICE] YOU HAVE SPRANG
FROM THE FRYING PAN
ONLY TO LAND IN LE
FLAMBE, YUSEI FUDO!
I HAVE COME
TO DUEL YOU.
LET'S DUEL!
FLEUR DE CHEVALIER!
ATTACK
JUNK WARRIOR!
GO, SCRAP-IRON
SCARECROW!
I WAS HOPING YOU
WOULD TRY THAT AGAIN--
FOR NOT ONLY CAN
CHEVALIER NEGATE
YOUR LITTLE
SCARECROW'S EFFECT...
IT CAN SEND IT TO THE
GREAT CORNFIELD IN THE SKY.
[CHUCKLES]
AND WITH YOUR LITTLE
SCARECROW OUT OF THE PICTURE,
CHEVALIER CAN
VANQUISH
JUNK WARRIOR.
I ACTIVATE
MY TRAP CARD--
MIRACLE'S WAKE.
WITH THIS CARD,
I CAN RESURRECT
A MONSTER
THAT WAS DESTROYED
THIS TURN.
SO I'M BRINGING
BACK...JUNK WARRIOR!
TRES BON,
MONSIEUR FUDO.
Yusei:
WHO ARE YOU?
[NORMAL VOICE]
MY NAME IS SHERRY LEBLANC.
Akiza: YOU'RE A...
WOMAN TURBO DUELIST?
Sherry: I HAVE
SOUGHT YOU OUT
SO THAT I MIGHT
STEAL YOU FOR MY OWN.
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN
WIN ONLY IF I LOSE? ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Yusei: YOU CAME
TO STEAL ME?
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
Sherry: LIKE THOSE VICIOUS
BRUTES WHO ABDUCTED YOU,
I WANT YOU
ON MY TEAM.
YOU AND I WILL RIDE TOGETHER
IN THE WORLD GRAND PRIX...
AND WIN IT ALL.
OH, YEAH?
I AM NOT ASKING YOU
TO ANSWER ME TODAY.
THIS IS A SORT OF
MEET AND GREET.
LET US HAVE FUN.
YOU'RE ON!
SO YOU UP FOR
FINISHING THIS DUEL?
Akiza:
YOU BETTER
BELIEVE IT!
Akiza: I'VE NEVER SEEN
A TURBO DUEL
FROM THIS POINT OF VIEW.
I WANNA SEE HOW
IT ENDS.
THAT AND I DON'T
TRUST THIS GIRL,
AND IF SHE TRIES TO
PULL SOMETHING,
I WANNA
BE THERE TO HELP.
SO LET'S MOVE IT!
ALRIGHTY THEN...
JUST HANG ON TIGHT.
LET US CONTINUE OUR DUEL.
IT'S MY MOVE!
I SUMMON THE TUNER
MONSTER--TURBO SYNCHRON!
AND NOW I'LL TUNE IT
WITH MY JUNK WARRIOR
IN ORDER TO
SYNCHRO SUMMON...
TURBO WARRIOR!
LET'S REV IT UP!
BUT BEFORE ATTACKING,
I'M GOING TO ACTIVATE
MY TURBO WARRIOR'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
WHICH WILL SLASH THE
2,700 ATTACK POINTS
OF YOUR FLEUR DE
CHEVALIER IN HALF
BECAUSE YOUR MONSTER'S
LEVEL IS GREATER THAN 6.
[THINKING] AMAZING.
HE JUST TURNED
THE ADVANTAGE
OF HAVING A HIGH-LEVEL
MONSTER INTO A DISADVANTAGE.
NOW TURBO
WARRIOR--ATTACK!!
UH!
WHY WASN'T IT DESTROYED?
Sherry: BECAUSE IT
IS PROTECTED
BY THE TRAP
FOR OUR DREAMS.
BY SENDING ONE
MONSTER ON MY FIELD
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN SPARE
ANOTHER MONSTER
ITS INEVITABLE
DESTRUCTION.
UH.
AND SINCE FLEUR DE CHEVALIER
HAS EMERGED FROM THE BATTLE
UNSCATHED, SHE REGAINS
HER FULL STRENGTH.
[THINKING] NOW
SHE HAS THE POWER
TO TAKE OUT TURBO
WARRIOR ON HER NEXT TURN.
UNLESS...
I REVEAL MY TRAP!
SYNCHRO OUT!
NOW I CAN DE-TUNE MY SYNCHRO
MONSTER AND BRING JUNK WARRIOR
AND TURBO SYNCHRON BACK TO
THE FIELD UNTIL MY END PHASE.
[THINKING]
BUT WHY DO THAT?
HER CHEVALIER COULD WIPE
THE WALLS N' SCRUB THE FLOOR
WITH BOTH OF THOSE GUYS.
Sherry, thinking: IT SEEMS
YUSEI'S COMMITTED
QUITE THE FAUX PAS...
UNLESS OF COURSE THAT FACE
DOWN CARD HAPPENS TO BE
URGENT TUNING.
AND IF MY HUNCH IS CORRECT,
THEN YOU COULD USE THAT CARD
TO RESURRECT TURBO WARRIOR
SO THAT IT CAN ATTACK
MY FLEUR DE
CHEVALIER AGAIN.
BUT THEN MY CHEVALIER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY WOULD ACTIVATE
AND NEGATE THE EFFECT OF YOUR
TRAP CARD AND DESTROY IT.
I, HOWEVER, BELIEVE THAT ONE
WITH YOUR KNOWLEDGE WOULD KNOW
THAT, SO THERE MUST
BE SOMETHING ELSE...
SOMETHING VERY CLEVER.
TALK TO ME--WHAT IS
YOUR STRATEGY HERE?
WELL?
Yusei: SHERRY, YOU CAN
USE CHEVALIER'S ABILITY
ONCE PER TURN.
YOU GONNA DO IT?
AND PREVENT YOU FROM
GETTING RID OF TURBO WARRIOR?
NOW WHY WOULD I GO AND DO
SOMETHING AS FOOLISH AS THAT?
NO, YUSEI FUDO, I WANT TO
SEE WHAT IT IS YOU ARE HOPING
TO ACCOMPLISH.
ADIEU, TURBO WARRIOR!
WELL, THEN, I'LL SHOW YOU
BY SUMMONING TURBO SYNCHRON
AND JUNK WARRIOR.
AND WITH THEM
ON THE FIELD,
I REVEAL...THE URGENT
TUNING TRAP CARD!
MAGNIFIQUE!
THAT IS WHAT I
WAS WAITING FOR.
WITH CHEVALIER'S SPECIAL
ABILITY, I CAN PREVENT YOUR
TUNING AND OBLITERATE
YOUR TRAP CARD!
NOW YOU ARE WITHOUT
TRAPS, YUSEI FUDO.
BUT I IMAGINE YOU EXPECTED
THIS WOULD HAPPEN AND SO YOU
PREPARED YOURSELF...
WITH A SPELL.
WHICH IS WHY I AM NOW,
AT THIS POINT,
REVEALING MY TRAP CARD.
CHAIN CLOSE!
THIS TRAP WILL PREVENT YOU
FROM ACTIVATING WHATEVER SPELL
YOU MAY HAVE BEEN
PLANNING ON USING.
[THINKING]
SHE JUST SHUT YUSEI
DOWN COMPLETELY.
WITH NO TRAPS AND NO SPELLS,
THERE'S NOTHING STOPPING HER
FROM USING FLEUR DE CHEVALIER
TO TAKE OUT ONE OF HIS
MONSTERS ON HER NEXT TURN.
Yusei: YOU'RE RIGHT,
SHERRY.
I DID PREPARE MYSELF
WITH A SPELL...
BUT I ALSO PREPARED
FOR YOUR TRAP.
[GASPS]
I'M GOING TO ATTACK
FLEUR DE CHEVALIER
WITH TURBO SYNCHRON!
AH!
BUT IT WON'T WIN.
IT DOESN'T HAVE
ENOUGH ATTACK POINTS.
THEN I'LL ACTIVATE
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY
AND FORCE YOUR CHEVALIER
INTO DEFENSE MODE.
THAT DOES
NOTHING FOR YOU.
THAT LITTLE SYNCHRON
HAS NO HOPE
OF CRASHING THROUGH FLEUR
DE CHEVALIER'S DEFENSE.
AND WITH DEFEAT
COMES DAMAGE.
Akiza: ONLY A HUNDRED
LIFE POINTS LEFT.
YUSEI, DO YOU REALIZE
WHAT YOU JUST DID?
YUSEI?
Sherry: YOU ONLY HAVE ONE
HUNDRED LIFE POINTS REMAINING,
YUSEI FUDO!
WHAT WILL YOU DO?
I ACTIVATE
MY TURBO'S ABILITY.
SEE, WHEN IT ATTACKS
AND LOSES,
ITS ABILITY
LETS ME SUMMON
A MONSTER
FROM MY HAND
AS LONG AS ITS
ATTACK POINTS AREN'T
GREATER THAN
THE DAMAGE I TOOK.
HMM!
SO I'M SUMMONING
JUNK COLLECTOR!
AND NOW,
I ACTIVATE
JUNK COLLECTOR'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
THIS FORCES ME
TO REMOVE
A TRAP CARD IN
MY GRAVEYARD
FROM
PLAY ENTIRELY...
BUT IN DOING SO, IT
LETS ME ACTIVATE IT!
SEE, I HAD A FEELING
YOU'D SEND URGENT TUNING
TO THE GRAVEYARD WHEN
YOU HAD THE CHANCE.
Sherry: NICE MOVE.
OH, YEAH?
IF YOU THOUGHT
THAT WAS NICE,
THEN THIS NEXT
MOVE IS TOTALLY
GOING TO
BLOW YOU AWAY.
Yusei: THAT'S RIGHT, SHERRY!
NOW I TUNE JUNK WARRIOR WITH
MY TURBO SYNCHRON IN ORDER TO
SYNCRO SUMMON
TURBO WARRIOR!
LET'S REV IT UP!
Sherry: SO MUCH SACRIFICE
FOR ONE MONSTER...
IT SEEMS YOU'RE NOT AFRAID OF
FLYING TOO CLOSE TO THE SUN.
GO, TURBO WARRIOR!
TAKE OUT SHERRY'S FLEUR
DE CHEVALIER!
IT'S YOUR MOVE.
[THINKING] YUSEI'S
SO CLOSE TO LOSING...
BUT HE SEEMS
TO BE HAVING FUN.
AND HER.
THE WAY HE DUELS WITH HER
IS DIFFERENT THAN THE WAY
HE DUELS WITH ME.
IT'S LIKE WHEN HE
DUELS JACK AND CROW.
HE'S FULL OF SPIRIT.
HE'S DUELING
FROM THE HEART.
WHY ISN'T HE LIKE
THAT WITH ME?
Sherry: YOU MAY HAVE VANQUISHED
FLEUR DE CHEVALIER...
BUT IN ORDER TO DO SO,
YOU DROVE YOURSELF TO THE
BRINK OF DEFEAT, WHERE YOU ARE
NOW HANGING ON BY A THREAD.
WITH SPEED WORLD 2 IN PLAY,
AS LONG AS I HAVE 4 OR MORE
SPEED COUNTERS...
I CAN DEAL 800 POINTS OF
DAMAGE FOR EVERY SPEED SPELL
IN MY HAND.
AND--AS IT SO HAPPENS--
[LAUGHS]
I CURRENTLY HAVE 4
SPEED COUNTERS...
BUT NO CARDS IN MY HAND.
SO YOUR FATE TODAY
DEPENDS ON MY NEXT DRAW.
SHOULD I DRAW A SPEED
SPELL FROM MY HAND,
IT WILL BE ALL
OVER FOR YOU.
[GRUNTS]
BUT THIS IS WHAT YOU
LIVE FOR, IS IT NOT?
YOU FEEL MOST ALIVE WHEN
YOU ARE AT THE EDGE.
YET SOMEWHERE IN YOUR HEART,
YOU KNOW THAT SUCH
RECKLESSNESS WILL BE
YOUR UNDOING ONE DAY.
HMM.
[THINKING] HOW DOES SHE
KNOW WHAT'S IN HIS HEART?
I GUESS AS TURBO DUELISTS,
THEY UNDERSTAND EACH OTHER.
THE SPEED, THE WIND,
THE RUSH--
IT MUST CREATE A BOND
BETWEEN DUELISTS THAT
I'VE NEVER REALLY KNOWN.
Sherry: LET US SEE IF YOU WILL
FALL FROM YOUR EDGE.
I DRAW MY CARD!
I SUMMON SACRED KNIGHT'S
SHIELD-BEARER IN DEFENSE MODE!
[THINKING] SHE DIDN'T
DRAW A SPEED SPELL.
Sherry: NEXT, I
ACTIVATE SHIELD-BEARER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
BY REMOVING ONE SACRED KNIGHT
CARD FROM MY GRAVEYARD...
I AM ABLE TO DRAW
ANOTHER CARD FROM MY DECK!
SO--SHE GETS
TO DRAW AGAIN?
Sherry: HA HA HA!
I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
[SIGHS]
I HAD TWO CHANCES, BUT FATE
WAS ON YOUR SIDE BOTH TIMES.
I SIMPLY MUST HAVE
YOU ON MY TEAM.
TELL ME, YUSEI FUDO,
WHAT IS IT YOU ARE
DUELING FOR?
WHY ARE YOU ENTERING THE
WORLD RACING GRAND PRIX
WITH YOUR FRIENDS?
I DUNNO.
I MEAN, WHY DO MOUNTAIN
CLIMBERS CLIMB MOUNTAINS?
IT'S BECAUSE
THEY'RE THERE.
ISN'T THAT
WHAT THEY SAY?
SO IN OTHER WORDS,
YOU HAVE NO REASON.
THERE IS NOTHING DRIVING
YOU BUT THRILL, AMBITION...
PERHAPS BOREDOM...
SO TELL ME, WHAT ARE
YOU DRIVEN BY?
IF YOU MUST KNOW,
MONSIEUR FUDO,
I AM DRIVEN BY MY
HUNGER FOR REVENGE.
AND I WILL STOP AT NOTHING
UNTIL I HAVE FINALLY
ACHIEVED IT.
SO, SHERRY, YOU'RE
OUT FOR REVENGE?
AGAINST WHO?
I WILL TELL YOU.
I WAS BORN INTO
THE LEBLANC FAMILY.
MY PARENTS WERE
EXTREMELY WEALTHY--
MY FATHER, THE HEAD
OF A CARD COMPANY
HE INHERITED FROM HIS FATHER.
MY CHILDHOOD WAS
A HAPPY ONE.
WINTERS IN THE MOUNTAINS,
SUMMERS AT OUR ESTATE
IN THE COUNTRY,
HORSEBACK RIDING LESSONS,
PIANO LESSONS, CROQUET GAMES
ON COOL AFTERNOONS...
AND MY PARENTS--THEY
WERE CAREFREE AND KIND.
BUT THINGS STARTED TO CHANGE.
Father: NO, YOU
LISTEN TO ME!
YOU'RE NEVER
GETTING MY COMPANY.
WE ARE NOT SELLING.
AND IF YOU EVER THREATEN ME
AND MY FAMILY AGAIN,
THINGS ARE GOING TO
GET REALLY UGLY.
YOU DON'T THINK THEY'D
REALLY HURT US, DO YOU?
[GASPS]
[CHUCKLES]
[GIGGLES]
Sherry, voice-over:
MY PARENTS TRIED TO SHIELD ME
FROM ALL THAT
WAS GOING ON.
ONE AFTERNOON, MY FATHER
GAVE ME THE MOST ADORABLE
LITTLE TEDDY BEAR,
AND THEN, THAT NIGHT,
I WAS TORN OUT OF MY
SLEEP BY NOISES--
SCREAMING, SHOUTING.
FRIGHTENED, I WENT TO
MY PARENTS' ROOM.
[GASP]
THE ROOM WAS A MESS,
THINGS THROWN EVERYWHERE.
MY PARENTS WERE
NOWHERE TO BE SEEN.
OUR BUTLER,
ELSWORTH, FOUND ME,
TOLD ME NOT
TO BE SCARED.
TOGETHER,
WE FLED THE ESTATE.
[CRYING]
ELSWORTH EXPLAINED
THE SITUATION TO ME.
A CORPORATION HAD
BEEN TRYING TO PURCHASE
MY FATHER'S BUSINESS.
WHEN MY FATHER REFUSED,
STRANGE MEN BEGAN
COMING AROUND,
MAKING THREATS...
AND THEN...
HE TOLD ME--WE COULD NEVER
AGAIN RETURN TO THE ESTATE.
I WAS JUST A CHILD
AT THE TIME.
I UNDERSTOOD SO LITTLE
OF WHAT WAS GOING ON.
ELSWORTH EXPLAINED THAT
WE HAD TO KEEP MOVING,
THAT THE PEOPLE WHO
HAD COME FOR MY PARENTS
WOULD BE LOOKING FOR ME.
AND SO WE JOURNEYED FROM
COUNTRY TO COUNTRY...
CITY TO CITY...
RELENTLESSLY PURSUED BY THE
MONSTERS WHO HAD TAKEN
MY PARENTS FROM ME.
ALONG THE WAY, I LEARNED
THAT THE CORPORATION
WAS JUST A FRONT.
THE REAL ORGANIZATION PURSUING
ME IS KNOWN AS YLIASTER.
YLIASTER?!
I THINK I HEARD
THAT NAME
FROM GOODWIN'S
BROTHER, ROMAN.
SAYER USED TO TELL
ME ABOUT THEM.
HE'D SAY THEY WERE EVIL
AND OUT TO DESTROY
THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT.
Sherry: FROM WHAT LITTLE
I HAVE GATHERED,
THEY ARE A SECRET
SOCIETY WITH WILD IDEAS
ABOUT THE UNIVERSE.
THEY OPERATE FROM THE SHADOWS
AND THEY WILL DO ANYTHING TO
GET RID OF THOSE WHO
STAND IN THEIR WAY.
WHICH IS WHY THEY CAME
FOR MY FAMILY.
I'M SO SORRY, SHERRY.
EVENTUALLY, I DISCOVERED
THE REAL REASON THEY ARE
SO DESPERATE TO FIND ME.
IN THE TEDDY BEAR
MY FATHER GAVE ME,
HE HID SOMETHING...
Akiza: WHAT WAS IT?
UNTIL I AM CERTAIN I CAN
TRUST YOU, THAT WILL REMAIN
MY SECRET.
I WANT YOU TO HELP ME,
YUSEI FUDO.
YLIASTER IS PULLING
THE STRINGS BEHIND
THE UPCOMING
WORLD RACING
GRAND PRIX.
WAIT. ARE YOU SURE?
OUI...
THIS IS WHY I WANT MORE
THAN ANYTHING TO WIN...
TO GET CLOSER TO THEM!
EVEN MORE THAN REVENGE,
I NEED ANSWERS, YUSEI FUDO.
I MUST KNOW WHAT YLIASTER
DID WITH MY PARENTS AND WHAT
THEY'RE PLANNING TO DO.
I MUST WIN THIS RACE.
AND I KNOW I CAN DO SO
WITH YOU ON MY TEAM.
YUSEI'S ALREADY GOT
TEAMMATES, FRENCHY.
HE'S RACING WITH HIS FRIENDS.
HE'S NOT JUST GONNA--
NO ONE IS
TALKING TO YOU.
HANG ON A SEC.
FIRST OF ALL,
YOU DON'T KNOW
THE FIRST THING
ABOUT YUSEI.
I KNOW PLENTY.
IN JUST A FEW TURNS,
WE HAVE COME TO KNOW
EACH OTHER'S SPIRITS.
AS TURBO DUELISTS WE HAVE COME
TO UNDERSTAND THE WINDS THAT
STIR US FROM WITHIN.
DURING THE GRAND PRIX,
I WILL BE RIDING
FULL THROTTLE
ON THE CUTTING EDGE
WITH EVERYTHING TO LOSE
AND EVERYTHING TO GAIN!
IS THAT NOT THE KIND OF DUEL
YOU WANT IN ON, YUSEI FUDO?
IF YOU RACE WITH ME,
YOU WILL FIND THE
DRIVE YOU SEEK.
LOOK, I, UH...
I DO NOT REQUIRE AN ANSWER
AT THIS POINT IN TIME.
JUST THINK IT OVER.
IT IS YOUR
TURN NOW, NO?
HMM.
MAKE YOUR MOVE.
Yusei:
ALRIGHTY, THEN...
LET'S FINISH THIS!
I ACTIVATE
THE EFFECT
OF THE SPEED WORLD
2 FIELD SPELL.
BY REMOVING 7 OF
MY SPEED COUNTERS,
I CAN DRAW ANOTHER CARD.
I SUMMON THE DRILL
SYNCHRON TUNER MONSTER
IN ATTACK MODE!
AND NOW TURBO WARRIOR,
TAKE OUT SACRED KNIGHT'S
SHIELD-BEARER!
TIME TO DRILL THIS
MANEUVER HOME!
EVEN THOUGH SHIELD-BEARER
WAS IN DEFENSE MODE,
DRILL SYNCHRON CAN
DRIVE FORWARD AND DEAL
THE POINT DIFFERENCE
TO YOU AS DAMAGE.
UH!
AND WHEN YOU TAKE DAMAGE
FROM DRILL SYNCHRON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
I CAN DRAW ANOTHER
CARD FROM MY DECK!
I REVEAL THE FREEDOM
RELEASE TRAP CARD!
Computer: WHEN A MONSTER
ON YOUR FIELD
IS DESTROYED IN BATTLE,
THE TRAP FREEDOM RELEASE
RETURNS ALL MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD TO
THEIR OWNER'S DECKS.
Sherry: NOW
YOUR MONSTERS
MUST ABANDON YOU,
LEAVING YOU TO FEND
FOR YOURSELF,
SOMETHING I PROMISE
WILL NEVER HAPPEN IF
YOU JOIN MY
TEAM, YUSEI.
[GRUNTS]
THANKS, BUT I WONT
BE ALONE FOR LONG.
[THINKING] HOW CAN YUSEI
BE SO CONFIDENT?
HIS FIELD'S WIDE OPEN.
IF SHE DRAWS A SPEED SPELL
OR MONSTER ON THE NEXT TURN,
HE'S DONE FOR...
UNLESS THOSE FACEDOWNS
ARE GAME CHANGERS.
HA HA HA!
IT IS MY TURN NOW!
I SUMMON SACRED KNIGHT
JOAN IN ATTACK MODE!
Akiza, thinking:
THIS IS IT.
Sherry: UNFORTUNATELY,
SACRED KNIGHT
JOAN MUST SACRIFICE
300 ATTACK POINTS
IN ORDER TO ATTACK.
BUT THAT ISN'T
GOING TO STOP HER!
SACRED KNIGHT JOAN,
TAKE HIM OUT!!
Yusei: I REVEAL MY SYNCHRO
SPIRITS TRAP CARD!
NOW IF I REMOVE A SYNCHRO
MONSTER IN MY GRAVEYARD
FROM PLAY, I CAN BRING
BACK THE MONSTERS I TUNED
TO SUMMON IT!
SO BY REMOVING JUNK WARRIOR...
I CAN SUMMON JUNK SYNCHRON AND
SPEED WARRIOR IN DEFENSE MODE.
Sherry: AN INTERESTING TWIST.
I WONDER WHAT'S NEXT.
I CANNOT WAIT.
IT'S YOUR MOVE.
[THINKING] I'VE NEVER
EXPERIENCED A DUEL LIKE THIS...
THE SPEED OF THEIR ATTACKS,
THEIR DEFENSES...
AND THE WAY THEY JUST GO
BACK AND FORTH, PERFECTLY
ANTICIPATING EACH OTHER,
CONSTANTLY OUTTHINKING
EACH OTHER...
IS WHAT SHERRY SAID TRUE?
DO TURBO DUELISTS GET EACH
OTHER IN WAYS THAT OTHER
DUELISTS DON'T?
DOES--DOES SHE REALLY ALREADY
KNOW AND UNDERSTAND THINGS
ABOUT YUSEI THAT I
CAN'T BECAUSE I'M NOT
A TURBO DUELIST?
AND THE OTHERS--TRUDGE,
KALIN, JACK, CROW...
ARE THEY ALL
CONNECTED BY SOMETHING
I'LL NEVER BE
A PART OF?
IT'S MY MOVE!
AND FROM MY HAND,
I ACTIVATE THE HIGH
SPEED CRASH
SPEED SPELL!
WITH TWO SPEED COUNTERS,
I CAN USE THIS SPELL TO SEND
ONE CARD ON MY FIELD CRASHING
INTO ANY OTHER CARD IN ORDER
TO DESTROY THEM BOTH.
SO YOU'RE LOOKING
TO SACRIFICE YOUR
FACEDOWN CARD
IN ORDER TO
VANQUISH JOAN.
HOWEVER, DUE TO JOAN'S
SPECIAL ABILITY...
WHEN SHE IS DESTROYED,
I CAN MOVE ONE SPELL CARD FROM
MY GRAVEYARD TO MY HAND.
A SPEED SPELL.
Yusei: I'M DESTROYING
MY FACEDOWN CARD
ALONG WITH MY
SPEED WARRIOR!
YOU ARE DESTROYING
YOUR OWN MONSTER!?
SURE AM, BUT NOT
BEFORE ACTIVATING
THE STARLIGHT
ROAD TRAP.
CA NE ME PLAIT PAS!
I'LL ASSUME THAT MEANS
YOU'RE NOT TOO HAPPY
SINCE MY STARLIGHT
ROAD'S EFFECT
SAVES MY SPEED
WARRIOR AND ALLOWS ME
TO SUMMON
STARDUST DRAGON!
OH!
Yusei and Akiza:
WATCH OUT!!!
OH, NO!
SHERRY!
[GASPS]
HELLO AGAIN!
I TOLD YOU I WASN'T A
WELL-BALANCED PERSON
AND THAT IT WOULD
NOT BE SMART TO MESS
AROUND WITH ME!
HA HA HA!
LEAVE THIS
TO ME--GIMME!
WHOA, HANG ON.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
WE NEED TO--
I'M GONNA
SUMMON THIS MONSTER!
WHAT!?
[THINKING] THIS IS
THE ONLY WAY...
COME FORTH,
STARDUST DRAGON!
Sherry: YOU ARE
A PSYCHIC DUELIST!?
Computer: EMERGENCY.
DUEL MODE DISENGAGED.
[GRUNT]
DRAT!!
Mystery Man: MOVE IT.
Elsworth: OH, I'LL
MOVE IT, ALL RIGHT.
[PUNCH]
UH!
Yusei: SHERRY,
ARE YOU OKAY?
Sherry: I AM,
THANKS TO YOUR...
FRIEND.
DID YOU TAKE CARE OF
THOSE THUGS, ELSWORTH?
BUT OF COURSE.
SO THIS IS YUSEI.
A PLEASURE TO
FINALLY MEET YOU.
WELL, YUSEI FUDO...
HAD OUR DUEL CONTINUED ON
ITS PROPER COURSE...
I IMAGINE STARDUST DRAGON
WOULD HAVE VANQUISHED
SACRED KNIGHT JOAN...
AND THEN SPEED WARRIOR WOULD
HAVE ATTACKED ME DIRECTLY.
BUT THAT WOULD HAVE LEFT
ME WITH 50 LIFE POINTS
AND ANOTHER OPPORTUNITY
TO DEFEAT YOU.
Yusei: YUP.
THAT'S RIGHT.
AND SO THE WHOLE THING
WOULD'VE COME DOWN
TO YOUR NEXT DRAW.
I WON'T DRAW.
PERHAPS ON ANOTHER DAY.
THERE IS A LONG
ROAD AHEAD, MON AMI.
UNTIL NEXT TIME,
YUSEI FUDO.
AND YOU--I AM IN YOUR DEBT.
I HOPE TO RIDE AGAINST
YOU ONE DAY...
OR WITH YOU.
HUH?
AU REVOIR ET SALUT!
[THINKING] THAT DUEL
WAS INCREDIBLE.
I WANT MORE.
I WANT TO BE A PART OF WHAT
THEY'RE ALREADY A PART OF.
I WANNA BECOME
A TURBO DUELIST.
[THINKING] THAT SHERRY
GOT ME THINKING...
Sherry's voice:
TELL ME, YUSEI FUDO--
WHAT IS IT
YOU ARE DUELING FOR?
[THINKING]
WHAT AM I DUELING FOR?
I THINK IT'S TIME
I TRY AND FIND OUT.